hi today we're gonna turn to layout and
we're gonna turn it out of maple and
redwood so let's go ahead and do that
all right I go went ahead and put it in
between centers and just Trude it up
we're gonna go ahead and shape it now
I'm just gonna go ahead and use the
roughing gouge to take some more
material down
just gonna go ahead and use my spindle
gouge shape it a little bit
you use a parting tool come in here
just remember when you're you're coming
in with the parting tool that there is a
hole all the way down the center so
don't go into gee
clean that up with this cue
all right I got a got it all cleaned up
I'm just going to true up the end here
try and cup it out just a little bit so
it sits nice and flat on the base
I'm gonna go ahead and sand this one up
without the oil I'm gonna put a
different finish on it but so I'm gonna
turn the dust collector on and I'll be
back in a minute
just finishing up with 600 here
all right whites still on the lathe I'm
just gonna go ahead and put a wipe on
it's just a polyurethane finish just
plain the finish